h1. Searchbox - whole form

h3. Fork - Caution!

This is only fork, for original plugin look at: https://github.com/rpheath/searchbox
It changes bahaviour of plugin, instead one field, whole form is submitted.

This is a jQuery plugin that turns any textbox into a live search, or a "searchbox".

h3. Usage

<pre><code>$('input.search').searchbox()</code></pre>

That's it, really. There are a few configuration options:

* <code>url</code> - a GET request is sent to this url (default: '/search')
* <code>form</code> - the form which is serialized and that gets sent to the server (default: 'form') (instead of original params)
* <code>dom_id</code> - the element that gets updated with the results (default: '#results')
* <code>delay</code> - the keystroke delay (default: 100 ms)
* <code>loading_css</code> - the css for an ajax spinner/loading bar (default: '#loading')

So, customizing each config option might look like this:

<pre><code>$('input.search').searchbox({
  url: '/your/search/url',
  form: 'form#search',
  dom_id: '#thumbnails',
  delay: 250,
  loading_css: '#spinner'
})</code></pre>

h3. Hooks

There are a few places you can hook into the plugin by binding a function to specific events. Here are the events:

* <code>init.searchbox</code> - triggered once when the plugin code executes
* <code>before.searchbox</code> - triggered right before the search is performed
* <code>after.searchbox</code> - triggered right after the search completes

Here's an example of how to make use of them:

<pre><code>$(document).bind('init.searchbox', function() { ... })</code></pre>

h3. License

(c) 2009 Ryan Heath, released under the MIT license
Updated by Aleksander Dąbrowski